Bump cmake version in GettingStarted.md (#62152)
swiftlang/swift: docs/HowToGuides/GettingStarted.md

### Spot check dependencies

> * Run `cmake --version`: This should be 3.24.3 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run `cmake --version`: This should be at least 3.19.6 (3.22.2 if you want to generate an Xcode project on macOS).
```

Reviewer 2: This suggestion looks good to me!
